Update CHANGELOG.md for MSAL 4.55 release (#4265)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.55.0
==========
### New Features

> - A user assigned managed identity can now be specified using object id [4215](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4215)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user assigned managed identity can now be specified using its object ID. [4215](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4215).  
```

### Bug Fixes

> - WithTenantId now works with CIAM authorities. See [4191](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4191)
> - Improve error message when cache serialization fails. See [4247](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4247)
> - Improve logging when using WAM. See [4183](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4183)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WithTenantId` now works with CIAM authorities. See [4191](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4191).  
- Improved the error message when cache serialization fails. See [4206](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4206).  
- Improved logging when using the Windows broker (WAM). See [4183](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4183).  
```
